In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.;Benjamin Franklin
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.;Benjamin Franklin
Finance is not merely about making money. It's about achieving our deep goals and protecting the fruits of our labor. It's about stewardship and, therefore, about achieving the good society.;Robert J. Shiller
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.;John Kenneth Galbraith
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.;Suze Orman
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.;William Feather
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.;Benjamin Franklin
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.;Dave Ramsey
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.;Donald Trump
Climate change joined immigration, job creation, food safety, pilot training, veterans' care, campaign finance, transportation security, labor law, mine safety, wildfire management, and scores of executive and judicial appointments on the list of matters that the world's greatest deliberative body is incapable of addressing.;George Packer
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.;William Feather
All money is a matter of belief.;Adam Smith
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.;Henry Ford
Derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction.;Warren Buffett
The curious task of economics is to demonstrate to men how little they really know about what they imagine they can design.;Friedrich August von Hayek
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.;Epictetus
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.;Hillary Clinton
Financial literacy is an issue that should command our attention because many Americans are not adequately organizing finances for their education, healthcare and retirement.;Ron Lewis
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.;Andrew Carnegie
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.;John D. Rockefeller
There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.;David Ricardo
Inflation is taxation without legislation.;Milton Friedman
You look at marketing: everything that's happening in marketing is digitized. Everything that's happening in finance is digitized. So pretty much every industry, every function in every industry, has a huge element that's driven by information technology. It's no longer discrete.;Satya Nadella
I'm involved in the stock market, which is fun and, sometimes, very painful.;Regis Philbin
Our incomes are like our shoes, if too small, they gall and pinch us, but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.;John Locke
Watch your finances like a hawk.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Financial literacy is an issue that should command our attention because many Americans are not adequately organizing finances for their education, healthcare and retirement.;Ron Lewis
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.;John Maynard Keynes
In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value.;Alan Greenspan
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.;J. Paul Getty
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.;Margaret Thatcher
Thirty to 40 years ago, most financial decisions were fairly simple.;Scott Cook
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change.;T. Harv Eker
You look at marketing: everything that's happening in marketing is digitized. Everything that's happening in finance is digitized. So pretty much every industry, every function in every industry, has a huge element that's driven by information technology. It's no longer discrete.;Satya Nadella
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.;Andrew Carnegie
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.;George Bernard Shaw
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.;Bo Bennett
Today, if you look at financial systems around the globe, more than half the population of the world - out of six billion people, more than three billion - do not qualify to take out a loan from a bank. This is a shame.;Muhammad Yunus
You don't want to have so much money going toward your mortgage every month that you can't enjoy life or take care of your other financial responsibilities.;Dave Ramsey
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.;Jim Hightower
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.;Morrissey
The propensity to truck, barter and exchange one thing for another is common to all men, and to be found in no other race of animals.;Adam Smith
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.;Herbert Hoover
The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.;Jean-Paul Sartre
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.;John Kenneth Galbraith
The financial markets generally are unpredictable. So that one has to have different scenarios... The idea that you can actually predict what's going to happen contradicts my way of looking at the market.;George Soros
Financial crises are like fireworks: they illuminate the sky even as they go pop.;James Buchan
Money is the best rule of commerce.;William Petty
We teach about how to drive in school, but not how to manage finances.;Andy Williams